# rpi-etherpad
Docker image repository for epermenia/rpi-etherpad
forked from VeekeeFr/rpi-etherpad

## About Etherpad Lite

>From the official website:

Etherpad allows you to edit documents collaboratively in real-time, much like a live multi-player editor that runs in your browser. Write articles, press releases, to-do lists, etc. together with your friends, fellow students or colleagues, all working on the same document at the same time.


All instances provide access to all data through a well-documented API and supports import/export to many major data exchange formats. And if the built-in feature set isn't enough for you, there's tons of plugins that allow you to customize your instance to suit your needs.

You don't need to set up a server and install Etherpad in order to use it. Just pick one of publicly available instances that friendly people from everywhere around the world have set up. Alternatively, you can set up your own instance by following our installation guide

## Quickstart

First you need a running mysql container, for example:

`$docker run --name some-mysql -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=my-secret-pw -d mysql:tag`

Finally you can start an instance of Etherpad Lite:

`$ docker run -d --name etherpad -e ETHERPAD_ADMIN_USER=admin -e ETHERPAD_ADMIN_PASSWORD=password -v /opt/etherpad-lite/var:/opt/etherpad-lite/var --link=mysql:mysql -p 9001:9001 epermenia/rpi-etherpad`

This will create an etherpad database to the mysql container, if it does not already exist. You can now access Etherpad Lite from http://localhost:9001/

## Environment variables

This image supports the following environment variables:

- ETHERPAD_TITLE: Title of the Etherpad Lite instance. Defaults to "Etherpad".
- ETHERPAD_PORT: Port of the Etherpad Lite instance. Defaults to 9001.
- ETHERPAD_SESSION_KEY: Session key for the Etherpad Lite configuraition. You can set this in case of migrating from another installation. A value is automatically generated by default.
- ETHERPAD_ADMIN_PASSWORD: If set, an admin account is enabled for Etherpad, and the /admin/ interface is accessible via it.
- ETHERPAD_ADMIN_USER: If the admin password is set, this defaults to "admin". Otherwise the user can set it to another username.
- ETHERPAD_DB_USER: By default Etherpad Lite will attempt to connect as root to the mysql container. This allows to change this.
- ETHERPAD_DB_PASSWORD: The password for the mysql user. If the root user is used, then the password will default to the mysql container's MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD.
- ETHERPAD_DB_NAME: The mysql database to use. Defaults to etherpad. If the database is not available, it will be created when the container is launched.

The generated settings.json file will be available as a volume under /opt/etherpad-lite/var/.

## How to update

This docker repo is based on:
- Docker image: resin/rpi-raspbian:latest
- Github repo: https://github.com/ether/etherpad-lite/zipball/master
- Node.js 10.x installation script


You might need to change node.js edtion(10.x) in

`RUN curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_10.x | bash`
